[BOP-1277] [Docs, MKE4] cadvisor (#124)
Mirantis/mke-docs: content/docs/operations/monitoring.md

Detail for the MKE 4 monitor tools is provided in the following table:

| Monitoring tool | Default state | Configuration key           | Description                                                                           |
|-----------------|---------------|-----------------------------|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

> | Prometheus      | enabled       | -                           | Collects and stores metrics                                                           |

Author: I changed the order to have Prometheus first as it's the main monitoring component while all others are various extensions

| Grafana         | enabled       | `monitoring.enableGrafana`  | Provides a web interface for viewing metrics and logs collected by Prometheus         |
| cAdvisor        | disabled      | `monitoring.enableCAdvisor` | Provides additional container level metrics                                           |
| Opscare         | disabled      | `monitoring.enableOpscare`  | (Under development) Supplies additional monitoring capabilities, such as Alertmanager |

## Prometheus

[Prometheus](https://prometheus.io/) is an open-source monitoring and alerting
toolkit that is designed for reliability and scalability. It collects and stores metrics
as time series data, providing powerful query capabilities and a flexible alerting system.

> Prometheus API is available at `https://<mke4_url>/prometheus/` 

Author: We may wanna highlight it more as it's kind of important, but I am not sure what style would be appropriate for that

To access the Prometheus dashboard:

> 1. Run the following command to `port-forward` Prometheus:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Port forward Prometheus:
```

Reviewer: Please change step 1 of the Grafana section to read the same.

Author: done

2. Go to `http://localhost:3000`.

## cAdvisor

> [cAdvisor](https://github.com/google/cadvisor) is an open-source tool that collects, aggregates, processes, 
> and exports information about running containers.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[cAdvisor](https://github.com/google/cadvisor) is an open-source tool that collects, aggregates, processes, 
and exports information for running containers.
```

Author: I may not know English, but it looks to me that the meaning was changed there. I stole that line from the official cAdvisor doc - https://github.com/google/cadvisor, and the idea here is that when we have containers running, cAdvisor will collect the information about those containers and make it available via the list of metrics. So, why not 'about'?

Reviewer: Ah, @byDimasik, your English is good! I did not like 'about' and I did not really like 'for' either.

Let's go for overkill precision with 'in reference to'.

Author: done

> cAdvisor is disabled in MKE by default and may be enabled through the MKE configuration file:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
cAdvisor is disabled in MKE by default. You can enable the tool through the MKE configuration file:
```

Author: done
